Total Questions Extracted: 461

All Extracted Questions:

I've heard of them. Are they pretty small player in the space?
generating?
Now?
looking, to get a better understanding of like how you action that data?
you wonder like how big is, the bottom 20 percent of a problem?
importantly, what were the top tactics that caused engagement?
Not much. How are you?
publisher networks, like what those are, but what we can do a?
And I just want to see kind of like what there?
test our intent for abc, should that be something you want to explore?
at least for like the marketing ABM site is needed?
right. Brian, do you got other questions, or can we?
well and send the recording to travers so that he could see it as well?
researching those same keywords?
seen so far. Do you have, a sense of where you're leaning?
that's actually gonna open the same thing, right?
By June? Like as in by the end of this week?
that kind of deal?
make them a good fit for you?
in our CRM? Who do we need to unlock from xyz who have you not exported?
call to today. We're like, yeah, okay. Where again?
were the to can an… here's a list of the campaigns?
Worth sharing that would help me explain anything more? A?
prioritize, who should I be going after? What should I say to them?
What, what that looks like?
Matt. How are you?
on another call. Matt, you wanna grab time on?
I guess you, do, you don't know… but not much. How much is up?
that?
users that definitive just definitive healthcare price in the same way by the way?
possibility?
Can you just?
how's it going? Hey?
Yeah. I was gonna say like what I, do you operate on a standard calendar fiscal or like a?
Can you drill down to the contacts on Houston? When you look at it, is it possible to go?
Nice. Is, is, Trevor?
what we're looking at?
how do you report on that… at the end of the day?
They, they have way point end of June, maybe end of June? Maybe maybe real?
this map too also what they're searching for as well? Or is I, is this entirely different than that?
June and moving forward by then?
do you have the pipeline needed right now in order to get to that revenue goal?
Hi, how are you? How's everyone?
you make, a better more informed decision?
happening off of your website. With B to B network activity. One of the key things of what?
How much of a priority is that, for your team right now?
he saw is he like definitive that he thinks like Zoom info is like contact data?
because we think that far out does that makes sense?
generated?
targets?
ways to just like advance, the strategy when you say we, is this like a company wide thing?
coming from somewhere, I'd be looking at what that intent is, like what websites are they?
commodity?
Yeah. I was that on that last screen here?
obviously looking at this as far as what another vendor is providing to help you feel confident.But I guess like how does this look against your initial expectations?
Can, can you go?
You said like just start from the MQL is like where are you trying to get to you?
increasing your mqls. Do you just need to generate more of them?
Would you, would you be able to show like, a health system?
No, no, go. What do you want to see Matt? Sorry about that?
Where's moffat… I'll just pull it up here. Here's. Moffit's keywords?
thinks, is better?
as an oven or egg?
What about braze or iterable or Marketo?
What's his prior company?
into like the, how we do this for your team. Any, any questions on this?
anytime an account hits a specific criteria and, you know, in any of those segments?
or do a little less of what you've been doing in this?
What, what are you reference?
you allocate, your marketing spend?
Got it. Matt. What about you?
demo one that's probably why?
within the marketing side. Should you like need that, and need to do that?
What's the afternoon? Look in the?
20:01 | BrianIn those accounts that we go ahead and manually upload, or is it something that you guys do?
So, were you planning to show the other side of it that is kind of, the intent data?
journey, these are the accounts that downloaded that asset off of another website. We'vetracked, right?
the backers, the fierce, you know, what have you?
publications that we work with. But like what else beyond that would help you?
dashboards. Yeah. What's up?
do I get with, you know?
take this and say, of these people start with location?
Things like when would you want something in place?
e-mail nurture campaigns, is that something that you'd think about using the data, to help with?
Do you, do you return seniority level, of, the users related to the accounts or not?
Hubspot?
It's Florida, right?
Can you go, can you go back to Matt?
B to B network activity? What is it? What do you classify as that?
though. Like do you have any familiarity with xyz before I kind of hop into a little bit at?
like who should we be reaching out to based on the intent that they're showing?
Okay. Well, why don't you?
as a replacement to definitive health care or a compliment?
To capture what accounts, are on what pages of your website?
How do I move from one of these other?
Do you know?
Feel like an operator on a standard calendar?
this is for the past week?
product?
And then I guess like… you're purely looking at it from an ABM ad perspective, right?
You're 1,000 percent, right?
Can you hear me now?
with them. But… how are you doing?
sense?
I'll probably end up working. Who am I getting?
we've got in, right?
Well, I mean giving one, right?
E-mail phone?
challenges that you solve for like we delineate and like distinguish, like which of those are in anaccount view. So, and it might make sense just to like show in?
Brian, I'd be curious to hear from you. Like what exactly are you hoping to get out of today's?
Cool. Can you check one more Houston methodist?
moffit?
moving forward?
look like? What are you hoping to see? And how can we support that?
front?
some research at a university that, they might not be a real buyer. What, what brian's team?
this look like in the platform? What's the workflow?
Do, do… I haven't looked at and so you're pretty, your network is pretty much Bombora, right?
go about it. And then, what we're doing next year?
No, like, you know what I mean?
scroll down a bit?
And how many accounts do they have in their net?
Why am I not? I see it? Okay?
do you guys put a focus on phone numbers or can you walk me through that?
As is tradition, we'll start with website activities… right?
I'm not seeing… a different time suggested?
projects, but get it to me and I'll work on it. Okay?
Are you being brought into a lot of customer meetings?
at people in a week that'll download whatever pieces of content?
Yeah. That's great. And, and you just started like a month or?
breadth of our product offering, you know?
Are you using anything like that today?
keywords, 30 days?
Thank you. I might have to spell out the full thing. No here it, is that it the domain?
should I say to them?
Yeah, I won't complain. Did you have a good holiday weekend?
true?
What do you?
what web pages are they looking up?
that sense?
Shooting it over to the Florence one then from now?
them a good fit?
Yeah, what's up, Matt?
negatively impacting the other two, three months down the road. So that's my goal. Okay?
So they're a former customer, you said?
you actually access it?
target prospect that you're looking to break into?
want to do is 44 accounts is still like way too many for me to be going after like on a given day?
Definitive health care, you said?
gonna do on a daily or weekly basis with it?
ended up happening is I was in two instances which?
Okay. Does that mean that you'd want something like up and running before?
How are you, Matt?
and expansion with the tool sets?
like that to capture that today?
One to indicate the success of those campaigns?
Health care man?
And what's great?
have in there, what type of titles we have in there, those types of things. Okay?
there anyone else in the marketing side that like you want their eyes on it?
companies, right?
10,000 bulk credits, and how many credits are you talking about?
they were like, what the fuck?
yeah, because, you have healthcare services in there, right?
like certainty?
cover today?
us, we can kick things off. That sound good?
1:13 | NathanWhat do you mean? Like they all start to get like busy?
something around that ballpark with 67 users. Okay?
What's going, Matt? How are you?
I don't know. I would like to understand kind of what your match rate is on Linkedin?
back to my team with. We can run this live data review to help you with this. Once we like kindof go through that. Is it something that you think?
their contact information. So what's important to know?
looking to do, is it like more so like who you like head up via e-mail campaigns?
two BB and xyz a?
never been our website but are researching, you know, xyz abc def keyword put together?
match rate, Matt, Brian?
account sales can focus on rather. I typically tell folks use our DSP right?
management team, like at least the head of that team would want to see?
it individual hospitals, or what did that look like?
sound good?
What are you, what are you using for that today?
Yeah, I'm gonna be just in row. I can do 12 works as well. Okay?
What do you want to start with? And I think it'll come to life, Brian once?
three? I'll just shorten this?
And I'm actually not familiar with LAS, what are you doing with that as?
Did I invite him? I did not invite him?
you looking to move on this initiative?
Any types of technology that our customers would also be interested in? Is that the question?
exact target is the old Salesforce?
you know, who's shopping for your solution?
Better to do an hour, right?
campaign for a case external audience, I guess makes sense?
Do you know what rbtwobb, is, have you ever heard of that?
this. So, yeah, no, today, but why I've been talking to them?
a massive reduction in time to close? Like why is this?
Your team?
we're getting all of this data in front of you is because we're not shying away from it, right?
success of leveraging those in the past? Or how does the errors at all?
So, hey, I have a, I have a question. Has xyz been in the news lately?
about those numbers, you know, what can we, what's going to help us sell, right?
influence a form fill?
my screen with you. Are you able to see that Brian?
do we need to invest more into a?
I mean?
party data that's driving it, right? So, okay in your first?
you're looking to get out of today's?
It on that, do you guys scale pricing based on a number of topics?
criteria. Any initial thoughts, any questions on the numbers that we're looking on the street?
Past 30 days?
start?
all dynamic. And if you are a customer, you could say, hey, you know, what?
I'm good. How are you?
Friday. It's like, hey, where do we wanna take this from here?
12:43 | MattI think they need to be more engaged in ql. As as the answer to that, the quality of them is right?
You're getting that today from?
To this weekend?
were the accounts researching? What were the top ways that you reached them?
to go?
you don't have today?
so… I think that's what it gets down to is like, you know, truly what does it do?
standpoint, are we limited or capped on the number of users that are leveraging the platform?
the new role. Have you used Zoom info in the past?
Do I don't have any credits anymore… when?
xyz data or do you wanna just like wait till yours, is fully populated?
competitors or specific products that my competitors have?
like where it might be like a little bit risky in maybe six months from now?
The same level of data?
how you would currently decide where to allocate spend, where to double?
in the healthcare space are gonna be relevant for you?
they're visiting? And those visitor locations of where they're coming from?
like, yeah, blue or mines?
collected? A?
Can you, there's a couple I think that would, I could see being exciting, for the team?
others. Maybe human resources or Operations or administrative, right?
Or do they have, a connected?
Far as work. Is there something?
have specific personas that you sell to that are like the ideal persona?
Still on the end front?
be like more quality mqls, more quality?
taking into consideration in his value, the intent data part of it?
prospect, target account list for the accounts that aren't on your website?
No, I think it's good. I mean, ABM… is it's something we need to continue advancing?
I'm like already fried?
site, track that data to anonymize, the visitor, match them back to an account?
Help. Awesome. What?
same value, then, you know, you see what I'm saying?
Features and benefit, right?
quick run at it?
Brian, you can see the full list of what I gave them in that spreadsheet?
for abc like running that data tests that we were talking about?
base? Like I'm assuming your services are reoccurring?
And so is that these you said topics are different than keywords, what's a topic?
Yeah. And, and by both sides, do you, are you referencing like the content?
have some is?
A three 30 to five. I got to four to five already on the 29. Do you have an all?
sides of the data, right?
converting high intent?
to let it happen again. You know what I mean?
And what consume?
We'll only have 30 minutes. Is there any availability before that?
Yeah. What I was thinking, I was saying?
Any way?
Year start in february is what it or january?
how's it going?
confined persona map or can we have one that actually supports healthcare?
than the marketing side? Or, or Matt, are you saying both would be likely a?
Mind, just like if I had pack that a little bit like is for me?
we going to do to ramp?
opportunity. How did these?
that's where based on a different segment, maybe you use a different tactic, right?
would have an opinion? And, and like kind of signing off on this as well?
How do you what?
How many people are typically in a buying committee for a abc?
Yeah. So yours was for six users and 50,000 credits, right?
huge range or like an average deal size for you right now?
approach?
like?
you like running paid ads? Like how are you driving traffic to your website right now?
With some more content to what we sell basically is what you're saying?
No worries. Has he been involved in some of the conversations with like lassa or tech target?
Yeah. Why isn't his primary focus?
right?
and running. Okay? How soon do you think that you can get like the web tag on your side?
emails that they're not currently in there or? Okay?
They, they don't even have territories assigned yet?
Nate. Sorry?
It's the dreaded moment, right?
that. If I don't have the sales component, I'm not getting into contact info. Is, a, is that fair or?
looking to make a decision like within the next?
able to execute like an ABM strategy with like some data points?
that you would think about tracking?
sometime next week. But like this is going to run off of Salesforce Targeted accounts, right?
Okay. And you guys able to see my screen? Perfect. Thanks, right?
are they reading about in our publisher network of millions of websites?
then?
you know, like sales, it's timing of signature, right?
way through this year from a marketing perspective. Yeah. So where would you like?
Up to anything fun recently?
Display ads, social like what do you like?
exact specific job titles… any questions on this, Brian, Matt?
rates, like we'll walk through that?
Okay. So how about this?
Into what that would look like?
Got it. Okay. Well, in which case, is there anything?
apart that we can have that in an unlimited fashion with brand keywords as well?
So, do you recommend that I reach out to him directly?
able again like because you know, how a, which accounts you should be going after?
shopping for what you're selling?
who are you talking about your ABM strategy with?
point of the year of like June?
areas of our product that is directed towards sales. So if you're familiar with like a Zoom info?
do ecu help?
Cool. So data test one, how you would leverage that data too after that?
something?
in ABM strategy and a lot of these goals are kind of lead based, right?
industry traits? Does that makes sense?
would return information back to me in terms of that?
could be, have a different funnel. Is that fair or not?
I could bump my one 30 zoo 30… or we could do, we could do. What, what?
I just have been… in tel, agree, was that one that you worked?
Curious, Brian, is, what does like moffat mean? Is it like an opportunity open opportunity?
december to january?
What's going on? Brian? How are you?
on a few?
What did you just say?
you seeing your customers leverage? It? Are you seeing BDRs get into it?
Okay. Do you know that you'd likely move forward with?
Move from one demo instance to the, to the normal?
Can you push into social network?
just need to know like how many users do you anticipate leveraging here?
you have more so than ADRs?
Okay. Like I said, like price side, like how do we get you from liking it, to loving it?
we want customized, how?
Let's go. Yeah, I can do Friday, let's do Friday. Can you do 12 30 on the water side of that?
information, for health care?
Okay. So, like what, the coverage that we have within the different?
push this directly into Hubspot as well. Okay?
that down by market, right?
We, we have a couple of small pools that we're playing with?
the contact data tests like, you know, how are you able to capture your data?
database that makes sense?
describe like an hour to review it?
of the wild west?
six?
How soon do you think you can get like the web tag up on the site?
want to be seeing here?
Now, where did you, where did the list come from? Or I guess it, was it health systems?
0:35 | NathanNice. What's what's the role you're plan?
accounts?
expected, but all good. How about you?
office?
what's going on there?
How are you been?
you move on. And I hope they reengage at some point and come back through, right?
Yeah. Can you actually do moffat cancer center?
Is there a limit on exact job titles that we can put in now?
100 percent. And we can, I mean we do that ourselves, right?
Can you do me a favor? There's? Like, can you search for a specific account on here?
have today?
questions. Should you have let me quickly share my screen?
about? And how do you build out that buying team?
description of like what you were hoping to see. Keep me honest?
provider database. They have claims data and like it's all into that bucket. So… yeah. So it'sdifferent in that sense. Okay?
scheduled today. I don't know if it's the same for you?
What is low spend customer acquisition campaign to mean for you?
industry trades you're doing intent on?
Should be good. I just give him a minute, see if he's gonna join. Sounds good?
increased engagement, how much new pipeline did you generate?
What are those titles typically?
Cool. All right. So what else should we see here?
Got it. Are you, do you have like a monthly spend that you're spending right now in ads or is it?
Call?
Can you click in a Sanford?
Brian, thanks you. How is three o'clock or 12 o'clock on Friday? I'm Thursday, sorry?
Am I on that?
our ability to say, where are they doing this research from?
How confined is that persona map because you have like marketing in there?
what's up Andy?
working at the company… kind of like, how did you get this list on?
It's only very limited. It like say, for example, for us to go and purchase the data, right?
Is customized for you?
Two zero one. Sorry about that. Okay?
where's the disconnect?
price for the yearly cost you'd be looking at like a 50 K price tag?
reaching the right people at the right time?
actually in market so that you can prioritize with ones that have the highest likelihood of actuallyopening that opportunity?
Anything else that you, you'd like to see as far as like what we're able, to help with?
marketing is sale?
Yeah. I mean, I think… diving in and saying like, what am I gonna do on?
pull that in. So that as we give you that full list, it's prioritize based on the relevancy?
xyz marketing because I'm passionate on that side. You still get what you need, you know?
Yeah, that's what we're headed next. Okay?
think you would need to see in order to feel comfortable… price obviously. But aside from that?
price, just go with them, you know?
What if I have?
completely. The sales team is migrating of into Salesforce already?
What is, where the takes a couple of minutes?
hoping that like an ABM strategy can help with? Like, for example?
worth solving now? Like?
Yeah, I'll even take a step back like you got, how many reps the for?
No, it's UI… U, I would in essence, can there be overlap between the folders?
away with a few different things. What accounts to prioritize, who should we go after?
Just rub it in. Okay?
there valuable intent data both from like a first and third party perspective?
Yeah. What's gonna be important? Again? Like the unlimited part of that?
done enough in the first half in order to make the second half of the year?
complexities with that, but I've just got to figure out. So is there anything we?
Yeah. Can we're not gonna be the cheapest solution?
any like questions about like how you would execute on that strategy within six sense?
equal, right?
Intent, what publishers you like?
Like emails and phone numbers?
getting you most excited for me to click into?
outside of them, like because that's who makes the decisions?
seven of Tampa. That makes sense, right?
the dream?
And, can we filter that by the grid?
accomplish here?
that. Still work for you?
So, you're looking at, the 20 seventh?
marketing side?
that? Again?
Doing well?
So, how about this?
they actually looking at what we're pitching them to?
Anything you're looking forward?
of website data that we can pull for you?
Are you going to do xyz as a kind of a solution here?
Can we go back and look at baptist health?
Were you, were you just flashing, the count different or are you looking somewhere else?
Do I?
valid health in north east Tennessee… they've got 4,000. Now, it's like 13,000 poles, right?
Like one?
How was your, how was your long weekend?
Okay. Anything else I can help with in the meantime?
Price, is a component of it?
Do you have health care in there?
Sorry, just going back to that. Is that where you would see contact information as well?
going to spend my time are on those accounts?
Instance or human?
Got it. Is there like a specific timeline in which you're looking to?
Okay. So you're not as concerned about the ABM side of it. You wouldn't want the ABM list?
curious, how in your mind would you like to validate?
do is in one click, we can say we're like let's see everybody from palm harbor, right?
What's the average ad spin that you see your customers doing?
the data tests, do you need to see in order to feel confident in xyz?
So, yeah, when I was looking at?
right into it. Cool. Are you able to see that?
drive your strategy of like that account based like multi threaded approach?
too. Like what am I looking at? You know?
I'm good. How are you doing well?
I could do three o'clock Thursday. Would that work?
campaigns, stuff like that?
up as far as like a data test… what you were looking to see is like what the data looks like?
that be, would that be like a, the other integration I was talking about?
your closed one customers. What keywords were they researching right before they bought it?
uncover this data for you?
you're getting there. Who else are you having these conversations with internally?
Matt, are we doing that today?
Trevor or do you wanna send that over so I can get him on?
